# 2/12/24 Meeting (Sprint 1)

The agenda for the first sprint is to start building the basic structure for our website. Our MVP is US 1, US 4, US 9, US 10. For this week, we will start with setting up the environment, CICD pipeline, and Google Oauth. Our aim for this week is the UI for the events page, event details page and the login page, and finally the database design. We also started designing the architecture. 

- **Product owner:** Anmol
- **Scrum master:** Yamini

Development team members
- **Main Developer/Tester:** Siwen
- **Main Designer:** Gurnoor
- **Main Technical writer:** Lucy

**US 1.1: View List of Events → Yamini**
- Task 1.1.1: Create home page for showing list of events → Yamini
- Task 1.1.2: Unit test for viewing list of events → Yamini, Gurnoor
- Task 1.1.3: Create a database schema for the events → Gurnoor

**US 1.2: View Detailed View of an Event → Lucy**
- Task 1.2.1: Navigate to Event Details Page → Lucy
- Task 1.2.2: Event Details Page with needed information: location, date, etc → Lucy
- Task 1.2.3: Unit test for viewing event details page → Lucy

**US 4: UCSD/Google SSO Login → Siwen**
- Task 4.1: UI for google login → Anmol
- Task 4.2: Error popup for unsuccessful login → Siwen
- Task 4.3: Redirection to events page on successful login → Siwen
- Task 4.4: Unit tests for Login events → Siwen, Anmol
	
**US 10: Post Events → Gurnoor**
- Task 10.1: Create a form on the frontend to get event information → Anmol
- Task 10.2: Insert event information appropriately into the database → Gurnoor


**DS 1: Ramp up on React → All**

**DS 2: Ramp up on GoLang → All**

**DS 4: Setup CI/CD Pipeline on Github for testing → Anmol**

**DS 5: Set up Postgres database → Gurnoor**

**DS 6: Setup Project Repository Structure on Github → Anmol**

**Note:** Github does not allow assigning the same task to multiple people. So we have only one person for some tasks on Github, while the task has to be done by all. 

Currently we are figuring out how to implement integration tests. 
