# Meeting notes for Feb 26
## Agenda
- Review & merge all open PRs
- Sprint retrospective
- Sprint planning
- Standup

## Sprint Retrospective
### How did it go? 
- This sprint went better than the previous, since we all became more familiar with the tech stack now and had more working days this week. 
- We got more comfortable with reviewing and merging code, and tracking our process on the Github board. This helped us manage our tasks better and to see where everyone was at.

### What went well?
- We were able to successfully review and merge stories from sprint 1. So, we were able to view and examine each other’s code to address any needed changes
- Managing tasks and keeping track of them was smooth as we got more comfortable with the Github Project board.
- We tried our best to hold every meeting in person which helped with smooth communication.
- We always set Agenda to every meeting which helped utilize our meeting time more effectively.

### What could have been better?
- We could have been more mindful about merging different code into the main branch as merging code broke some UI. We were able to fix it in the end but it’s something that we can be more mindful of.
- Sometimes we started the meeting 10~15 minutes late because there were difficulties with finding an appropriate meeting spot.

### What will we do differently?
- We will reserve rooms a week ahead of time, so that we don’t face difficulties finding a meeting spot
- When merging different code, we will make sure that all parts of the code are maintained as expected so that we don’t break anything. 

## Standup
- Gurnoor: Added database schema for users. Facing some issues with using a mock database for unit testing in Go. Discussed this issue in TA meeting today, and will now proceed with setting up the database in the CI/CD pipeline. 
- Lucy: Working on the unit testing for viewing the event details page. Will get started on the rsvping events task in a day or so. 
- Yamini: Almost done with the wellness resources and will push the changes in a couple days
- Siwen: Still working on the search friend feature, should be finished before the next sprint.
- Anmol: Still working on the friends feature - both UI and backend, also fixed the login UI breaking on the frontend

## Sprint Planning
- Product owner: Lucy
- Scrum master: Siwen
- Development team members
  - Main Developer/Tester: Gurnoor
  - Main Designer: Anmol
  - Main Technical writer: Yamini
