# Meeting minutes for March 4

## Agenda
- Retrospective
- Standup
- Documentation
  - Onboarding steps (README)
  - Developer and User README

## Sprint Retrospective
**How did it go?**
- We mostly worked on integrating different parts of the application together. There were some difficulties in working on the project because all of the team members had other commitments such as midterms, quizzes, and job interviews.

**What went well?**
- Despite everyone having other school work and commitments (as it was midterm period), we were still able to meet 3 times a week to do the standup and work on the implementation together.
- As we did with all the previous meetings, we continued to set Agenda to every meeting which helped utilize our meeting time more effectively.
- We were more mindful of starting the meeting at the set time so there were no delays in starting the meeting like the last sprint.
- We’ve become more comfortable with resolving any merge conflicts which helped us to merge different branches to main smoothly.
- We were able to do some knowledge sharing during the meeting. The team member who already had experience in certain tasks (e.g., setting up the database locally) was able to help the other team members ramp up on those tasks.

**What could have been better?**
- Due to other commitments (school work, midterms, individual assignments, job interviews, etc.) we weren’t able to make as much progress as we wanted. 

**What will we do differently?**
- We’ll focus on implementing the code together for each meeting we have left.
- We can readjust the scope of the project so that the workload is manageable along with other commitments


## Standup
- **Gurnoor:** Writing documentation for the backend logic and API
- **Lucy:** Working on the APIs for rsvping the events.
- **Yamini:** Working on tests for Welfare Page as well as View Tag functionality for frontend
- **Siwen:** Start working on integrating backend and frontend for searching friends and deleting friends, as well as changing the login logic.
- **Anmol:** Finished integrating backend with the frontend for the events Page. Working on the friend request backend, and integrating the backend and frontend for the friends feature. 

## Sprint Planning
For this week, we will be taking up the remaining tasks so that we are on track to finish the project by the end of this week, and have 2-3 days remaining to iron out our work. We have some tasks remaining like the friend request feature on the backend, but remaining we only need to merge the frontend with the backend so that the app is seamless. The last part we need to work on is deployment. We need to figure out some free solutions for deployment, and deploy the app by the end of the week for the TA to have a look and suggest any changes. 

- **Product owner:** Siwen
- **Scrum master:** Anmol
- Development team members
  - **Main Developer/Tester:** Lucy
  - **Main Designer:** Yamini
  - **Main Technical writer:** Gurnoor

